D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongDuoc.frmMain.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongDuoc.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongDuoc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\bin\Debug\CuahangNongDuoc.exe
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\bin\Debug\CuahangNongDuoc.pdb
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongDuoc.exe
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongDuoc.pdb
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDonViTinh.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongDuoc.frmSanPham.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmKhachHang.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDaiLy.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmNhapHang.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmBanSi.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmBanLe.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmThanhToan.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDoanhThu.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDunoKhachhang.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmSanphamHethan.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmSoLuongBan.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\CuahangNongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmSoLuongTon.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.exe
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.pdb
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\bin\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.exe
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\bin\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.pdb
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmBanSi.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmBanLe.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDaiLy.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDoanhThu.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDonViTinh.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDunoKhachhang.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmKhachHang.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmMain.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmNhapHang.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmSanPham.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmSanphamHethan.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmSoLuongBan.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmSoLuongTon.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmThanhToan.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmThongtinCuahang.resources
d:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmThongtinLienhe.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDanhsachPhieuNhap.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDanhsachPhieuBanLe.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmDanhsachPhieuBanSi.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptChiTietPhieuNhap.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptPhieuNhap.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmInPhieuNhap.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptChiTietPhieuBan.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptPhieuBan.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmInPhieuBan.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptThanhToan.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmInPhieuThanhToan.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptDsDuNoKhachHang.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmInDunoKhachHang.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptDuNoKhachHang.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptSanPhamHetHan.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptSoLuongTon.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmNhaCungCap.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmLyDoChi.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptPhieuChi.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmPhieuChi.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmInPhieuChi.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.Report.rptSoLuongBan.rdlc
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmTimPhieuNhap.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmTimPhieuBanLe.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmTimPhieuChi.resources
D:\Documents\Project\CuahangNongduoc\Cuahang NongDuoc\obj\Debug\CuahangNongduoc.frmTimPhieuThu.resources
